What’s in It for You?
Before we begin, let’s clarify the purpose of this training.
It’s quite possible that you’re already familiar
with many of the topics we’ll cover.
But because the cybersecurity landscape constantly changes,
we all need to refresh our knowledge periodically,
and continue to sharpen our security awareness skills.
Throughout this training,
you will gain insight into how cybercriminals think,
you will learn how security incidents occur
through the use of real-world examples,
and upon completion,
you will have a better understanding of your role
in protecting the privacy of our
employees, clients, customers, and business associates.
Finally, we ask that you keep an open mind,
and to take advantage of this opportunity
to fine-tune strategies that will
improve your overall security.